README.md, before:

# Full-Precision Calculator Application
A calculator application that is programmed in a way that overcomes the machine's computational limitations.

# What computational limitations?
Here are some examples:
- Some programming languages (such as C) have number types (such as `int` and `float`) that, depending on the machine, has a limit in which computations cannot be done for numbers above that limit (for example, in C, an unsigned long int cannot be of a value at least above 2<sup>64</sup>, though it is implementation-specific, but there is still a limit).
- Calculators, as far as the developer is concerned, only display division results up to 50 decimal places.
- In machines, numbers are stored in binary, and seemingly terminating decimals that are repeating in binary (such as the binary form of `0.1` being '0.0001100110011...') are rounded, causing some operations to not follow logic (such as Python 3 stating '0.1 + 0.1 + 0.1 == 0.3' as 'False')

# How will these limitations be overcome?
This calculator will refrain from using the built-in mathematical operations at all, and instead take advantage of strings and classes as well as functions and methods.

# Current state of development
Currently, it is under development using Python 3.
The source code consists of 2 separate scripts: One for all the calculation functions (which can be imported as a module) and another for the GUI.
Unfortunately, this calculator application is still in its very early stages that not even the very first version is finished; The developer is also unsure when the first version could be released, but it will be uploaded as soon as it is finished.

(All the above was last updated 19 Mar 2017. As I write this note in parentheses, on 15 Jun 2019, I inform that this project was immediately forgotten right around that 19-Mar-2017 date, even though I kinda still wanted to work on it whenever I did remember it, but I wasn't able to find time because I had other things to do. Sorry.)

Commit message:

Edited 15 Jun 2019 parentheses note
Fixed the date. Sure, on GitHub the README.md file was last edited 19 Mar 2017, but turns out I have offline (unfinished) files last worked on 11 Sep 2017, which is a really buggy version of 0.1.0 "done", yet it seems too buggy to be considered done. I'm not sure about uploading them.

README.md, after:

# Full-Precision Calculator Application
A calculator application that is programmed in a way that overcomes the machine's computational limitations.

# What computational limitations?
Here are some examples:
- Some programming languages (such as C) have number types (such as `int` and `float`) that, depending on the machine, has a limit in which computations cannot be done for numbers above that limit (for example, in C, an unsigned long int cannot be of a value at least above 2<sup>64</sup>, though it is implementation-specific, but there is still a limit).
- Calculators, as far as the developer is concerned, only display division results up to 50 decimal places.
- In machines, numbers are stored in binary, and seemingly terminating decimals that are repeating in binary (such as the binary form of `0.1` being '0.0001100110011...') are rounded, causing some operations to not follow logic (such as Python 3 stating '0.1 + 0.1 + 0.1 == 0.3' as 'False')

# How will these limitations be overcome?
This calculator will refrain from using the built-in mathematical operations at all, and instead take advantage of strings and classes as well as functions and methods.

# Current state of development
Currently, it is under development using Python 3.
The source code consists of 2 separate scripts: One for all the calculation functions (which can be imported as a module) and another for the GUI.
Unfortunately, this calculator application is still in its very early stages that not even the very first version is finished; The developer is also unsure when the first version could be released, but it will be uploaded as soon as it is finished.

(All the text above was last updated 19 Mar 2017, and the project was last worked on on 11 Sep 2017, with a really buggy version of 0.1.0 "done", but perhaps too buggy to be worthy of considered being done. As I write this note in parentheses, on 15 Jun 2019, I inform that this project was immediately forgotten right around that 11-Sep-2017 date, even though I kinda still wanted to work on it whenever I did remember it, but I wasn't able to find time because I had other things to do. Sorry.)
